welcome to New Horizons our luxury 5th
wheels and travel trailers are custom
built to each customer's exacting
specifications incorporating the beauty
of hard wood cabinetry luxurious fabrics
residential flooring and appliances we
build our own chassis x' cabinetry
fiberglass walls and roofs and wiring
harnesses from the ground up all done to
maintain the quality that continues to
be a New Horizons hallmark
wherever we go the new horizons coach
draws attention and trailer life staff
called it the jaw-dropper of the show
at a recent Good Sam rally
we're very proud of our manufacturing
process our customer service and
craftsmanship it is unparalleled in the
industry
located in the heart of America just two
and a half hours west of Kansas City our
state-of-the-art manufacturing facility
and forebay service center are adjacent
to i-70 with easy access and limited
hookups for all New Horizons customers
our 15 acre site provides a welcoming
environment for visitors and customers
alike
original owners Harold Johnson and his
three sons created engineering
excellence and brought industry
innovations to the manufacturing process
ideas that are still an integral part of
every coach we build today the Johnson
family sold the company in 2002 to Phil
and Karen broken Nicky and their family
the broken Nicky's continued the
tradition of bringing hands-on ownership
to the marketplace all three of their
children have helped grow the company
while daughter Erin has left to pursue a
career in nursing sons Drew and Cole
remain enhancing the family-owned feel
of new horizons co-owner Karen broken a
key smiling face greets every visitor to
new horizons Karen Lenz
a designer's eye to the beautiful
interior features that make every New
Horizons coach a luxurious showpiece
co-owner Phil broken a key brings a
wealth of business sense banking and
customer service in leading the team at
New Horizons sons Cole and drew serve as
our product specialists guiding
customers through our one on one factory
direct sales process as our mission
statement implies the New Horizons
mission is to bring happiness and
satisfaction to every New Horizons RV
owner and we are committed to making
that happen by building the best Tobal
RV on the market giving the customer a
unit they can be proud of and one that
is built to their needs providing
excellent value for the customers
hard-earned money and finally honoring
God in everything we do and say in how
our interaction with customers and
employees